2021 February 27 Breaking Changes Changelog (#11975)
qmk/qmk_firmware: docs/ChangeLog/20210227.md

* Refactor Jacky's boards (Bear65 and S7 Elephant) ([#10528](https://github.com/qmk/qmk_firmware/pull/10528), [#11981](https://github.com/qmk/qmk_firmware/pull/11981))
* Remove handwired/bluepill ([#11415](https://github.com/qmk/qmk_firmware/pull/11415))
* Aplyard Aplx6 Added rev2 & move rev1+rev2 to parent folder ([#10973](https://github.com/qmk/qmk_firmware/pull/10973))
* added `unix60`, moved together with `southpaw75` into `fr4` folder ([#11195](https://github.com/qmk/qmk_firmware/pull/11195))

## Core Changes

### Fixes

* GCC 10 can now compile Drop Alt firmware ([#9485](https://github.com/qmk/qmk_firmware/pull/9485))
* Fix compiling on `develop` branch ([#11409](https://github.com/qmk/qmk_firmware/pull/11409))
* Fix broken keyboards and keymaps ([#11412](https://github.com/qmk/qmk_firmware/pull/11412), [#11427](https://github.com/qmk/qmk_firmware/pull/11427), [#11448](https://github.com/qmk/qmk_firmware/pull/11448), [#11447](https://github.com/qmk/qmk_firmware/pull/11447), [#11473](https://github.com/qmk/qmk_firmware/pull/11473), [#11584](https://github.com/qmk/qmk_firmware/pull/11584), [#11600](https://github.com/qmk/qmk_firmware/pull/11600))

> * Fixes up build dependencies so that the generated files are correctly made available previous to compiling any object files ([#11435](https://github.com/qmk/qmk_firmware/pull/11435))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Fixed up build dependencies so that generated files are made available before compiling any object files ([#11435](https://github.com/qmk/qmk_firmware/pull/11435))
```

* Address wake from sleep instability ([#11450](https://github.com/qmk/qmk_firmware/pull/11450))
* Fix pressing media key on a momentarily activated layer may lead to missing key up events ([#11162](https://github.com/qmk/qmk_firmware/pull/11162))
* Fix an RGB initialisation bug on Massdrop keyboards ([#12022](https://github.com/qmk/qmk_firmware/pull/12022))

### Additions and Enhancements

* Allow configuration of serial USART timeout ([#11057](https://github.com/qmk/qmk_firmware/pull/11057))
* Added Sync Timer feature for Split Common keyboards ([#10997](https://github.com/qmk/qmk_firmware/pull/10997))
* Add modifier state to the Split Common transport ([#10400](https://github.com/qmk/qmk_firmware/pull/10400))
* Add Pix keyboard by sendz (`sendyyeah/pix`) ([#11154](https://github.com/qmk/qmk_firmware/pull/11154))
* Implement option for kinetic mouse movement algorithm for mouse keys ([#6739](https://github.com/qmk/qmk_firmware/pull/6739))
* Improved Language Specific Keycodes for US International and Extended Layouts ([#11307](https://github.com/qmk/qmk_firmware/pull/11307))

> * Split up `QWIIC_ENABLE` to use `QWIIC_DRIVERS` as well, with yes/no for enable flag ([#11426](https://github.com/qmk/qmk_firmware/pull/11426))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Modified `QWIIC_ENABLE` in `rules.mk` to be yes/no choice, adding `QWIIC_DRIVERS` to allow for inclusion of specific drivers ([#11426](https://github.com/qmk/qmk_firmware/pull/11426))
```

* Keep track of last matrix activity ([#10730](https://github.com/qmk/qmk_firmware/pull/10730), [`ab375d3`](https://github.com/qmk/qmk_firmware/commit/ab375d3d075c105f09a1ddd0e155f178225518bc), [#11552](https://github.com/qmk/qmk_firmware/pull/11552))
* fix `matrix_io_delay()` timing in `quantum/matrix.c` ([#9603](https://github.com/qmk/qmk_firmware/pull/9603))
* Keep track of encoder activity ([#11595](https://github.com/qmk/qmk_firmware/pull/11595))
* Backport ChibiOS Audio changes from ZSA ([#11687](https://github.com/qmk/qmk_firmware/pull/11687))
* Add support for 8 buttons to mouse report ([#10807](https://github.com/qmk/qmk_firmware/pull/10807))
* Allow `post_config.h` to be implemented in userspace ([#11519](https://github.com/qmk/qmk_firmware/pull/11519))
* Adds AT90USB162 support ([#11570](https://github.com/qmk/qmk_firmware/pull/11570))
* Stop sounds when suspended ([#11553](https://github.com/qmk/qmk_firmware/pull/11553))
* Revamp spidey3 userspace and keymaps ([#11768](https://github.com/qmk/qmk_firmware/pull/11768))
* Add support for analog USBPD on STM32G4xx ([#11824](https://github.com/qmk/qmk_firmware/pull/11824))

> * Matrix matrix can now be transported to the slave side in Split Common keyboards ([#11046](https://github.com/qmk/qmk_firmware/pull/11046))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Master matrix can now be transported to the slave side in Split Common keyboards ([#11046](https://github.com/qmk/qmk_firmware/pull/11046))
```

* RGBLight: Allow configurable default settings ([#11912](https://github.com/qmk/qmk_firmware/pull/11912))

> * Add `tap_code_delay(code, delay)` ([#11913](https://github.com/qmk/qmk_firmware/pull/11913))
> * Fix compilation error for `tap_code_delay()` ([#11938](https://github.com/qmk/qmk_firmware/pull/11938))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Add `tap_code_delay(code, delay)` ([#11913](https://github.com/qmk/qmk_firmware/pull/11913), [#11938](https://github.com/qmk/qmk_firmware/pull/11938))
```

* Process info.json rules ahead of userspace rules ([#11542](https://github.com/qmk/qmk_firmware/pull/11542))
* Remove duplicate manufacturer definitions ([#11544](https://github.com/qmk/qmk_firmware/pull/11544))
* Update list of MCUs in `keyboard.jsonschema` to mirror `qmk.constants.py` ([#11688](https://github.com/qmk/qmk_firmware/pull/11688))
* Create a system to map between `info.json` and `config.h`/`rules.mk` ([#11548](https://github.com/qmk/qmk_firmware/pull/11548))
* Make LAYOUT parsing more robust ([#12000](https://github.com/qmk/qmk_firmware/pull/12000))

## QMK Infrastructure and Internals

* bump to python 3.7 ([#11408](https://github.com/qmk/qmk_firmware/pull/11408))
* `develop` branch is now formatted as part of CI tasks ([#11893](https://github.com/qmk/qmk_firmware/pull/11893), [#11905](https://github.com/qmk/qmk_firmware/pull/11905), [#11907](https://github.com/qmk/qmk_firmware/pull/11907), [#11928](https://github.com/qmk/qmk_firmware/pull/11928), [#11936](https://github.com/qmk/qmk_firmware/pull/11936))

### ChibiOS Update and Config Migration

QMK's ChibiOS and ChibiOS-Contrib submodules have been updated to version 20.3.2.

> Along with this, QMK now provides configuration files for all ChibiOS-supported microcontrollers, such that keyboards now are only required to define settings which differ from the defaults specified by the QMK-provided files, reducing the size of pull requests for keyboards running ChibiOS-supported MCUs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Along with this, QMK now provides default configuration files for all commonly-supported ARM microcontrollers running on ChibiOS. As such, keyboards are now only required to define settings which differ from the defaults, thereby reducing the size of pull requests for keyboards running atop ChibiOS.
```

> * Add board specific to Proton-C, with usual defaults turned on ([#10976](https://github.com/qmk/qmk_firmware/pull/10976))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Add board specific to Proton-C, with usual defaults turned on to match Pro-Micro ([#10976](https://github.com/qmk/qmk_firmware/pull/10976))
```
